Dear Hiring Manager,

I am writing to express my interest in the 2025 Technology Summer Internship Program, Web Developer, at UBS. When reviewing the internship description, I was excited to see the object-oriented programming and cloud technologies mentioned, as these are the areas where I have practical experience and hold certifications. Having an acquaintance who has been part of the UBS team for over five years, I have gained valuable insights into the positive work environment, career development opportunities, and the collaborative culture at UBS, which motivates me to join your company.

I have developed a strong understanding of object-oriented programming and concepts through various work experiences. At Cisco, I developed an application for managing internal OAuth clients which resulted in reducing the time engineers spent on OAuth client management to zero and accelerated the process for Slido users by 50x. While at the Danish Business Authority, I led a project to create a custom logging system for DBA’s Kubernetes distribution, enhance observability, and simplify the developer experience. The application has been developed in Go, Gin, and Gorm, which allowed me to go through the full development lifecycle of an application, in collaboration with an external company.

Outside of work and school, I am deeply committed to expanding my cloud knowledge through personal projects and several certifications. I have successfully undertaken exams in AWS Machine Learning and in three AWS Associate-level certifications, as well as obtaining Kubernetes (KCNA) and Hashicorp Terraform credentials. I am actively involved in the cloud and DevOps community, attending KubeCon 2024 in Paris and several Kubernetes Community meetups in Denmark. These experiences have allowed me to deepen my understanding of cloud technologies and connect with many professionals in the field.

Currently, I am pursuing a Masters Degree at the Technical University of Denmark in Copenhagen and have completed my bachelor's degree in Software Technology and Engineering at VIA University College. Throughout my bachelor studies, I had the opportunity to improve my skills in Java, Spring Boot and JPA, as these technologies have been used on projects from day until the final stages. Also, the teaching style at both mentioned institutions supports collaboration and independent learning, which has helped me to become an adaptable team player who works well alone when needed. Balancing my studies, work and side projects has improved my ability to prioritize effectively, think strategically, and meet tight deadlines, all of which help me to succeed in dynamic and fast-paced environments like UBS.

UBS’s global reach, its commitment to innovation, and collaborative culture are truly inspiring. I look forward to the possibility of joining the team, learning from experts working at UBS, and contributing to meaningful cloud projects. Thank you for considering my application.

Sincerely,
Tomas Ondrejka
